Make trusted_dealer_keygen deterministic and clarify description (#104)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-frost: draft-irtf-cfrg-frost.md

~~~
  Inputs:

>   - s, a group secret chosen uniformly at random, such as by performing G.RandomScalar()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - s, a group secret that MUST be derived from at least `Ns` bytes of entropy
```

Author: Where is 'Ns' defined?

Reviewer: It's the length of a serialized scalar, defined as part of the group.
